Update rhoai docs to include sdg (#219)
opendatahub-io/ilab-on-ocp: standalone/instructlab-rhoai.md

The Teacher model is used for Synthetic Data Generation (SDG) while the Judge model is used for model evaluation.

For the Teacher model you need [mixtral-8x7b-instruct-v0-1] deployed with [skills-adapter-v3:1.2] and
[knowledge-adapter-v3:1.2] LoRA layered skills and knowledge adapters.

For the Judge model you will need the [prometheus-8x7b-v2-0 model].

If you already have these models deployed you can skip the deployment steps and go straight to the secret set up for
Judge and Teacher respectively.

[mixtral-8x7b-instruct-v0-1]: https://catalog.redhat.com/software/containers/rhelai1/mixtral-8x7b-instruct-v0-1/6682619da4ea27a10a36e4c6
[skills-adapter-v3:1.2]: https://catalog.redhat.com/software/containers/rhelai1/skills-adapter-v3/66a89d60ac8385376a3dabed
[knowledge-adapter-v3:1.2]: https://catalog.redhat.com/software/containers/rhelai1/knowledge-adapter-v3/66a89ce222c498e45a8e0042
[prometheus-8x7b-v2-0 model]: https://catalog.redhat.com/software/containers/rhelai1/prometheus-8x7b-v2-0/6682611224ba6617d472f451

#### Deploy a judge model server (optional)

Create a service account to be used for token authentication

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ServiceAccount
metadata:

>   name: <model-server-service-account-name>

Reviewer: given that we are defining `mixtral-sa` explicitly for teacher, maybe we should go ahead and just name this `mistral-sa`, `judge-sa`, etc to avoid confusion

```bash
# You can also use Oras or Skopeo cli tools to download the model
ilab model download --repository docker://registry.redhat.io/rhelai1/prometheus-8x7b-v2-0 --release 1.2

# Default cache location for ilab model download is ~/.cache/instructlab/models
s3cmd sync path/to/model s3://your-bucket-name/judge-model/
```

Navigate to the OpenShift AI dashboard
* Choose Data Science Projects from the left hand menu and choose your data science project/namespace.
* Choose the data connections tab, and click on the Add data connection button. Enter the details of your S3 bucket (object store) and click Add data connection.

> [!NOTE]
> Note: Before following the next step - Ensure that the `CapabilityServiceMeshAuthorization` status is `True` in `DSCinitialization` resource.

Create a model server instance
* Navigate to Data Science Projects and then the Models tab
* On the right hand side select ‘Deploy model’ under Single-model serving platform
* Under Serving runtime choose the serving runtime `vLLM Serving Runtime for Kserve`.
* Check the `Make deployed models available through an external route` box.

> * Under token authentication check the `Require token authentication` box, select the service account that we have created above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Under token authentication check the `Require token authentication` box, write the name of the service account that we have created above.
```

IIRC the there's no selection mechanism here, and Dashboard will create/manage a new SA if not typed to match

          valueFrom:
            secretKeyRef:
              name: sdg-object-store-credentials
              key: access_key
        - name: SDG_OBJECT_STORE_SECRET_KEY
          valueFrom:
            secretKeyRef:
              name: sdg-object-store-credentials
              key: secret_key
        - name: SDG_OBJECT_STORE_REGION
          valueFrom:
            secretKeyRef:
              name: sdg-object-store-credentials
              key: region
        - name: SDG_OBJECT_STORE_DATA_KEY
          valueFrom:
            secretKeyRef:
              name: sdg-object-store-credentials
              key: data_key
        - name: SDG_OBJECT_STORE_VERIFY_TLS
          valueFrom:
            secretKeyRef:
              name: sdg-object-store-credentials
              key: verify_tls
      volumeMounts:
        - name: script-volume
          mountPath: /home/standalone.py
          subPath: standalone.py
      command:
        - "python3"
        - "/home/standalone.py"
        - "run"
        - "--namespace"
        - "<data-science-project-name/namespace>"
        - "--judge-serving-model-secret"
        - "<judge-model-details-k8s-secret>"
        - "--sdg-object-store-secret"

>         - "<created-object-store-credentials-secret-name>"

Reviewer: i think we defined this expicitly above as `sdg-object-store-credentials` so might as well remove confusion and use that here
